README.md, before:

# Advice Generator App

This project is a simple, interactive web application that fetches and displays advice to users. Built with React and Vite, it showcases the use of modern web development tools and practices. The application is styled with Tailwind CSS for a responsive and aesthetically pleasing design.

## Features

- Fetches advice from the [Advice Slip JSON API](https://api.adviceslip.com/)
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop views
- Interactive UI with hover and click effects

## Technologies Used

- React
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- ESLint for code quality

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```
- Installation  
  Clone the repo
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/your_username_/advice-generator-app.git
  ```
- Install NPM packages

  ```
  cd advice-generator-app
  npm install
  ```

Running the Application
To start the development server:

  ```
  npm run dev
  ```

This will run the app in the development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in your browser.

## Design
The application design follows the style guide provided in the style-guide.md file. It uses a color palette of light cyan, neon green, and various shades of grayish blue. The typography is based on the Manrope font family.  
**Desktop view**  
![Desktop View](../design/desktop-design.jpg)  
**Mobile view**  
![Mobile view](../design/mobile-design.jpg)
## Contributing
Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch **(git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)**
3. Commit your Changes **(git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')**
4. Push to the Branch **(git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)**
5. Open a Pull Request

## **License**  
Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.

## **Acknowledgements**   
- Advice Slip JSON API
- React
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- ESLint

This README provides a comprehensive overview of your project, including how to get started, technologies used, and how to contribute. You can customize it further by adding more sections as needed, such as screenshots, additional setup instructions, or a section on future improvements.

## Author

- **Okoye Emmanuel Obiajulu** - *Initial work* - [Obiajulu-gif](https://github.com/obiajulu-gif)

Feel free to contact me through my GitHub profile for any questions or collaboration requests.

Commit message:

add the link to the websit

README.md, after:

# Advice Generator App

This project is a simple, interactive web application that fetches and displays advice to users. Built with React and Vite, it showcases the use of modern web development tools and practices. The application is styled with Tailwind CSS for a responsive and aesthetically pleasing design.

## Features

- Fetches advice from the [Advice Slip JSON API](https://api.adviceslip.com/)
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop views
- Interactive UI with hover and click effects

## Technologies Used

- React
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- ESLint for code quality
## Live Application

The Advice Generator App is deployed and accessible online. Visit the application through the following link: [Advice Generator App Live](https://advice-generator-app-0tms.onrender.com).

...
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```
- Installation  
  Clone the repo
  ```
  git clone https://github.com/your_username_/advice-generator-app.git
  ```
- Install NPM packages

  ```
  cd advice-generator-app
  npm install
  ```

Running the Application
To start the development server:

  ```
  npm run dev
  ```

This will run the app in the development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in your browser.

## Design
The application design follows the style guide provided in the style-guide.md file. It uses a color palette of light cyan, neon green, and various shades of grayish blue. The typography is based on the Manrope font family.  
**Desktop view**  
![Desktop View](../design/desktop-design.jpg)  
**Mobile view**  
![Mobile view](../design/mobile-design.jpg)
## Contributing
Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch **(git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)**
3. Commit your Changes **(git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')**
4. Push to the Branch **(git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)**
5. Open a Pull Request

## **License**  
Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.

## **Acknowledgements**   
- Advice Slip JSON API
- React
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- ESLint

This README provides a comprehensive overview of your project, including how to get started, technologies used, and how to contribute. You can customize it further by adding more sections as needed, such as screenshots, additional setup instructions, or a section on future improvements.

## Author

- **Okoye Emmanuel Obiajulu** - *Initial work* - [Obiajulu-gif](https://github.com/obiajulu-gif)

Feel free to contact me through my GitHub profile for any questions or collaboration requests.
